Calling
=======
The Calling ceremony is as old as mortal magic has known of the astral sea. Used by any seeking to call forth a specific spirit for any purpose, it bears within itself its risk and its reward: it calls forth a single target spirit, unbound and uninfluenced.

*Minimum Participants:* The minimum number of participants for the Calling is two.

*Warp:* The Warp to be resisted on the completion of the Calling is equal to the Force of the target spirit.

Praxis
------
The Calling involves bringing a spirit into the world. Making them comfortable so they do not immediately rampage through the nexus - and more pertinently, can arrive without immediately collapsing due to the differences between their origin point and the physical world - are paramount.

*Tests:* The Leader must make a Potency + Creation [Astral] (Force of the target) test to force the astral space of the nexus to resemble the target. Each participant must make an Intuition + Assensing [Astral] (4) test to discern the appropriate energies and harmonize to them.

*Sacrifice:* The Sacrifice for phase 1 of the Calling is three reagents per participant.

*Time:* This phase of the Calling takes fifty minutes.

Telete
------
The second phase of the Calling is opening a breach into the astral sea - or beyond. Beyond this step, the ceremony's difficulty and danger spike. After all, once a door is opened, it is very hard to close.

*Tests:* The Leader must make a Potency + Summoning [Astral] (7) test to safely open the breach. Each other participant must make a Potency + Binding [Astral] (Force of the Target / 2) test to prevent loose energy from getting out of control.

*Sacrifice:* The Sacrifice for phase 2 of the Calling is a Quicksilver Draught, which must be poured over a doorway or mirror.

*Time:* This phase of the Calling takes ten minutes.

Agon
----
The final phase of the Calling is actually calling the spirit, by name. This requires use of a spirit's Name. Getting it wrong can call the wrong spirit - or the wrong kind of spirit, or something else entirely - from the Astral Sea. Be careful.

*Tests:* The Leader must make a Potency + Evocation [Force of the Nexus] (Force of the target) test if the spirit is willing, or a Potency + Evocation [Force of the Nexus] vs Force x 4 test if the spirit is not willing to be Called. Each other participant must make a Potency + Summoning [Astral] test, and their total hits must equal the Force of the spirit being Called.

*Sacrifice:* The Sacrifice for phase 3 of the Calling is the spirit's Name; this cannot be bought, but must be created using the Naming ritual.

*Time:* This phase of the Calling takes one hour per Force of the spirit.

Success
-------
Success for the Calling ceremony brings forth the targeted spirit into the physical world, and it steps forth in the astral world through the mirror or doorway prepared in Phase 2. The spirit owes no services to any of the ceremony participants, but the leader may use a complex action to make a Potency + Banishing [Astral] (Force) test to force it back into the Astral Sea at any point before the next sunset after the ceremony is concluded. After that point, the spirit is unleashed on the world as a free spirit until or unless it is disrupted.

Failure
-------
Failure for the Calling is the source of many nightmares for mages.

*Praxis:* Failing during the Praxis of the Calling is relatively innocuous; the background count generated for failing a ceremony is 4 instead of 2.

*Telete:* Failing during the Telete of the Calling is far more dangerous, as it opens a raw breach into the Astral Sea. Treat the background count generated by the failed ceremony as a stationary Mana Storm with Force equal to the Background Count generated, and the failure generates an explosion of astral energy; this explosion deals 12P to all [Awakened] creatures within the Nexus where the ceremony is being performed, resisted by Willpower + Fortitude.

*Agon:* Failing during the Agon of the Calling is a catastrophe; the wrong spirit is summoned. The GM is encouraged to prepare a spirit before the Calling is performed in case this occurs, as a spirit of any Force between that of the target and twice that number is summoned forth and treats the Background Count as an aspected domain towards its paradigm, which does not match that of its unwitting summoners. The attitude of the spirit is for the GM to determine.