Purification
============
Purification cancels out all magical effects on the target. To learn the ceremony, a mage must have all metamagics in the Advanced Abjuration art. The target of the ceremony must be present in the Nexus for the entire duration of the ceremony, making it hard (but not impossible) to perform this ceremony on unwilling targets.

*Minimum Participants:* A purification requires at least four participants.

*Warp:* The Warp of a Purification is equal to the higher of ten or the number of magical effects ended by the ceremony.

Praxis:
-------
The praxis of a Purification involves casting out all magical energies to create a tight, localized mana void, sometimes referred to as a mana singularity.

Tests: Leader makes a Potency + Banishing [Astral] (7) test. Participants make a Potency + Negation [Astral] (5) test.

Sacrifice: 

Time: Seven hours

Telete:
-------
The Telete of a Purification is preparing the waters of cleansing for the target. The mana singularity must be bound to a pool of liquid (it needn't be water, but it normally is) into which the sacrifice is poured.

Tests: Leader makes a Potency + Binding [Astral] (7) test. Each participant must make a Potency + Brewing [Astral] (5) test.

Sacrifice: Anointment brew.

Time: Seven minutes

Agon:
-----
The Agon of a Purification regards finally washing the target in the prepared pool, scouring all magical effects and imprints from their soul.

Tests: Leader makes a Potency + Evocation [Force of the Nexus] (Special - see ‘success’) test. Participants make a Potency + Disjunction [Astral] (5) test.

Sacrifice: The leader must present an Arcane Talisman of the Advanced Abjuration art that is bound to them, of at least Force 7. Its Force is permanently reduced by one per magical effect removed - if this reduces its Force to 0 or lower, the talisman is permanently destroyed.

Time: Seven seconds

Success:
--------
Success in a Purification ends all sustained effects on the target, ends the effects of all brews and lasting rituals on the target, deactivates all talismans bound to the target, sends all spirits bound to or summoned by the target back to their native metaplanes, removes all astral stain, removes all astral signatures from the target's aura, ends all effects creating a personalized background count on the target’s aura, and releases the target from any services owed due to a Geas ceremony (each Geas ceremony counts as a separate effect, but the services generated by each are bound together). It may also affect any other magic on the target, at the GM’s discretion.

The target is also rendered unable to use magic in any capacity (as if in a background count equal to their Potency) until the following dawn. The threshold of the Agon phase of a purification is equal to the number of magical effects to be ended by the ceremony.

Failure:
--------
*Praxis:* The ceremony creates a background count with a rating of -7 instead of the normal background count created by a failed ceremony.

*Telete:* The target of the ceremony immediately suffers unresisted Physical damage equal to the number of magical effects that would have been ended by the ceremony.

*Agon:* If the ceremony is being performed on a willing target, the ceremony unbinds all talismans bound to the target, releases all spirits bound or summoned by the target from any services they owe, ends the effects of all beneficial ceremonies, and prevents them from using any magic they may have until the third following dawn. If the ceremony is being performed on an unwilling target, it ends all sustained effects, brews, lasting rituals, personalized background counts, and astral stain on the target, and releases the target from any services owed due to a Geas ceremony (as in Success).